The air stills and your group collects themselves, attempting to shake loose the strange tension built during the brawl. Loud rattling and cracking resounds through the structure, similar to a rain storm’s assault. Is this it? Has Addax Uzem returned to his throne—at the worst possible time? Each of you prepare for the worst. Peering out of a hole in the bark, one of your group hopes to catch sight of Uzem … before letting out a breath and signaling for everyone to relax. You all share quizzical looks before the source of the disturbance presents itself. 
When a keb rasska legion marches, everything nearby knows. The thousands of legs, the weight of the rasskas’ reptilian limbs, the clicking of the kebs’ insectoid segments, and the clattering of equipment—all of it contributes to a cacophony of sound—sharp and stinging. Add in a few dozen gruv dragging their spade tails through the rock as the beasts of burden carry the legion’s provisions, and it’s no wonder their march causes the ground to quake. Their gear and gleaming crystalline weapons catch Makaal’s gaze, his face betraying conflicting emotions of desire and distaste. Leading the marching party at the side of a heavily-plated gruv is a massive rasska armored entirely in crystal. Atop the saddle of this battlemount is a stately keb whose chitin seems to have been completely bleached of color; a strange appearance for the often flamboyant insectoids.
Silky chuckles into the ensuing silence. “Aha… the clan of the Crystal Queens, already upon us.” Makaal turns in confusion. “As a merchant that wanders the continent, shouldn’t I have known of a roaming army?” Silky shakes his head and offers an upturned palm. “Little more than second-paw accounts of a peculiar clan risking their lives on treacherous mountain expeditions. Their pursuit has yet to be recorded in any meaningful way.”
After the crystal-clad army marches off beyond the horizon, the valley settles into calm. Silky begs leave to return to Tuor, citing enough physical excitement for his ‘harried bones.’ He leaves one of his trademark aerios conjurations with the group. The daylight slowly melts away to a violet dusk. A sedate skyline hangs overhead without a hint of any energy to it. Each of you has found a comfortable spot in your camp to wait, and hope, for the King of Storms’s return to the Throne to be challenged. Waiting for Uzem’s return begins to seem like a futile endeavor. Nothing to be done for it—Rovers have little control over forces of nature.
As the daylight disappears behind the mountains, a piercing crack from the southern treeline snaps your party to attention. Rising all at once the group focuses their attention toward the screeching of a massive bird breaking through the treeline. Or—no, not exactly a bird. Glowing in the silhouette of his head is a set of three eyes; one central—the Hayin—with another pair of eyes beneath. A signature characteristic of all tihfur—this one having shifted to their bestial avian form. “It was rumored that a clan of flying-tihfur lived near the Throne, but tihfur are difficult to track even under the best of conditions. Acolytes of nature and shadow aren’t usually found unless they desire it,” Makaal ruminates. “Seems this one desires to be found,” Mo retorts, one tendril drifting toward a sheathed knife. Silky’s laughter tinkles through the aerios. “Acolytes of light tend to fare better when finding places and people. This, too, was expected. Sheath your arms and hear them out.”
The tihfur lands fluidly in the center of your camp. His avian features recede into a thin down of feathers along his arms and upper torso. The tihfur man closes his lower eyes and gives a slight bow to each of you, his Hayin inspecting the gleaming aerios. “Caw,” flatly chimes Silky through the aerios, causing the tihfur to flinch, followed by Silky’s bemused laughter. “Your instincts were entirely correct, my feathered friend. I suspect you saw this camp on your way out of the Taharik, hoping to find some sort of assistance?” The tihfur anxiously flexes his talons in the dirt before lifting off and gesturing for you to follow.
Makaal watches the tihfur disappear into the darkened sky with particular interest, tapping his finger against the head of his arkenyn companion in thought. “To be so openly and willingly welcomed into the lands of kin… Strange. Curious.” Mo trills in agreement while inspecting the marks left behind in the ground. “His behavior too…” they note quietly. The aerios gestures excitedly with its wings. “It would seem there is a decision to make, Rovers!” Silky chimes. “Both the marching keb rasska and the tifhur’s invitation fall under the purview of our assembly; I am equally interested in the details to be found from either while we await Uzem.”

**You have been left with two choices—they are the paths that lie ahead, Rovers. Remember that you are a testament to the heights which no other is willing to achieve, the depths which no other is willing to breach. Your lives are filled with challenge and excitement in equal measure.**