[artwork=Svaraka]
Years of work. Years of suffering. Years of wrangling thoughtless brutes from fin to foot every step of the way. Finally FINALLY I can begin. You are Rovers. You should know the pains of your lessers not understanding! You can share in my relief at no longer having to convince imbeciles to accept what’s good for them. I can simply force them to see! Allow me to erase the weight of your responsibilities.
EXASPERATION
SUPERIORITY
PLEASURE
The keb perched atop the titanic creature effortlessly weaves her thoughts through your own. Before you are swept away in the undercurrent of her emotional broadcast, a great echoing howl brings you to your senses. Grandpaw gallops his way back into the chamber, a flailing Mo and Makaal in tow. Held aloft in Mo’s tendrils are various rough slabs of ezmenite, each covered in gleaming Crux runework and riveted with leather straps.
Makaal leaps off Grandpaw and hurriedly secures a slab to each of you using the straps. He speaks rapidly as he works, trying to relay the information imparted to him by Mo and Silky, but he stumbles and stammers over much of it as he fearfully shifts his vision back and forth from you to the massive creature within spitting distance. As he secures the last of the slabs to himself he offers you a bow and a prayer. As Makaal steers Grandpaw back into the tunnels away from the monumental creature, Silky reappears.
“I cannot say for certain that these warding plates will perform as needed. I will do my best to stay within proximity to bolster the glyphs impressed upon them. This whole endeavor has been… quite strange for me, disembodied as I currently am!” Silky chirps. “The keb woman is using the creature’s carapace to amplify her Morphic control. We can also use it to stymie her locally, but we’re going to have to solve the… bigger issue. I suspect she’s been molding the creature since it first hatched. Separating them should be the first order at hand; it should disrupt their synchronicity and shutter the noetic resonance. That’s… a tall order, however.” Despite his humorous tone, even Silky couldn’t hide his unease.
As it stands the only way forward is up—up the spine of a mind-bogglingly huge creature. Sheer climbs are nothing new by now, but climbing generally doesn’t involve a moving surface. The immense proportions of the beast mean that the idle motion of its tail brings it in and out of the chamber entirely, loudly scraping along the inner walls of the entire cavern. It’s a dangerous approach but should offer the quickest and simplest route to begin your endeavor to take down the Sovereign.
SURPRISE
ANGER
ANNOYANCE
Insolence. Impudence. So be it. If you would debase yourselves to literally crawl among my scales as some meager parasites, allow me to show you just how insignificant you truly are. Perhaps the change in perspective will help you to see reason in the futility of your resistance.
Your bodies are immediately pinned to the crystals that comprise the immense beast’s carapace. The force of wind whistling around you threatens to render you insensate. All around you the mountain is literally collapsing. Boulders scatter off of the creature as though they were pebbles in a dust storm. Each impact threatens to dislodge you from your perches with the force of the tremors resonating off of each stalagmite of the leviathan.
After a few moments, the wind pressing against your bodies settles from organ-crushing to merely deafening. With a consistent atmosphere you can all rise from your crumpled positions to a steady balance along the monster’s hide. Keeping that balance is now the most important priority—the beast has broken free of the entire mountain and is now gliding far, far above Lalos. Everything you are fighting for; so easily obscured beneath the enormity of the Sovereign’s mount.