*Transcribed musings from “Silky,” resident Fundamentalist of the Mist clan.*
*What would Lalos look like if our settled addax was of a different comportment? It is likely that the Thunder Mesa would not exist at all. Would that desert of static peril instead be a rich, volcanic loam? Would the clans presiding there be any different? Or would we have found ourselves at the mercy of a yet more dangerous stretch of inhospitable terrain wrought by the power of an addax?*

For decades, the gargantuan tree at the heart of Lalos has earned many epithets–”Uzem’s Throne.” “The Seat of Storms,” “Thundering Peak,” and others still lost to time. The important detail is that it is where the ancient addax of Lalos has made his home. While the first foray your party took to the region had not been particularly fruitful, the continued storms billowing from the valley suggest that not only is Uzem present, but under particular duress.
Over generations the storms formed by the addax took on a regular pattern. Had Uzem not been recorded as the source of those storms, one might even mistake them for a natural weather cycle. A thunderhead forms over the colossal tree in the central valley, builds into a rainstorm that travels southwest, before eventually becoming a dry barrage of lightning that hammers the landscape. These expressions of Uzem’s ether affinity have had considerable effect upon the continent itself. They’re treated as part of the cycle of seasons in the area and the clans there have grown accustomed to temporary migrations or sheltering to withstand them.
Much of the southern half of Lalos is referred to as the “Thunder Mesa,” a stretch of desert filled with substantial crystals of Air ether that crackle with electric potency. The clans that reside in the savannah north of the desert proper have lived with the yearly cycle of these storms, viewing them as a boon for the growing season. None view the addax as a particular menace–so much as just a force of nature to curve their lives around. Some even grow up unaware of its specific presence and consider “The Seat of Storms” as a less-than-literal name for the meteorological phenomenon. If the unpredictable storms are not quelled, those clans may be driven to an end in short order. 
Silky clears his throat. Quite the odd sound as it reverberates forth from his aerios. “Slaying the addax is… no longer an inconceivable feat, given your strength as Rovers working together, though certainly not the preferred first, second, or even really third course of action. Investigating why Uzem has suddenly started to produce a strange and chaotic series of storms may prove more fruitful. After all, the addax has never been known to be a particularly aggressive creature on its own. The same can rarely be said of its progeny however. Crowns are a territorial and fickle bunch of therans on the best of days. Do take care if we encounter any!
“That being said, the only thing we can do is forge onward and upward to see if we can’t solve this particular problem ourselves. I have faith in your growing capabilities as a team to stand against the coming storm.”