[artwork=Hokmala]
Less “bubbling” and more “gurgling” are the sounds of the nearby stream, if it can still be called that. Its water heavy and black—the entire surface rendered completely opaque. Mo, Makaal, and Grandpaw have taken up the march at the rear at what they hope will be a safe distance. One of the aimless nektari has drifted close enough to Mo for them to capture with one of their tendrils. Uncharacteristically, its first response is one of physical violence, rather than the traditional response of spore-casting. After being released in surprise the entoman returns to its haphazard flight through the trees. “Morph,” Mo begins. “The creature was practically bursting with Morphic ether.”
By now the literal buzzing of their hives can be heard clearly, which means it’s time for the merchants to find safety as your survey begins in earnest. Normally a region home to tihfur clans would have regular patrols and wildlife-culling before overgrowth could create a dangerous environment. The level of neglect here speaks to years of deterioration, which makes absolutely no sense. It’s been days; weeks at worst.
Before you and Silky can get lost in a debate about the reason for the shocking amount of regrowth, an entire copse of rotten trees wrenches itself from the ground and moves along the brackish stream, stealing your attention entirely. A grovetender, though its countenance is entirely wrong. Grovetenders are silvans that style themselves as carnivorous predators in an effort to protect the pollinators that keep their bodies healthy and promote reproduction. This behemoth specimen looks neither healthy nor much like a silvan any longer. 
With each quaking step it takes, the other silvans react in tandem. Slow undulations become frantic writhing as the grovetender ambles and draws forth more polluted water into itself. The pale weeds also seem to bear only a faint resemblance to thriving dekaha. It feels as if the entire grove has fallen to some strange delirium. When you draw too close to one of the larger trees, the dekaha’s natural sensations finally discover your existence. Their vines arc and prime to defend their territory. Simultaneously the massive grovetender begins crashing its way through dying trees towards you.
Were the scene not so morbid, it would be almost quaint. This is exactly the kind of task you were trained for as Rovers.