[artwork=Eclipse Mounted]
The blanket of silence stretches far and wide. Every so often, the sound of shifting soil or collapsing rock echoes across the impact crater. A node of ether bursts or shatters. Muffled shouts from Star Hunters ravaging the structures brought down with the island. But just as quickly, the silence always reclaims its hold on the area.
Silky couldn’t help but flit about the scene with barely restrained excitement. Direct opportunities to study Era were exceedingly rare. Before long he gathers himself and begins to help with mapping the ruins more directly. His proposed first step is to find where the largest sources of ether might have been scattered, as that usually coincides directly with the clan’s primary interests.
Era proves to be something of a riddle for everybody. The floating archipelago is home to a “clan” that doesn’t need to worry about much of what drives the collection and innovation found within the terrestrial regions of Lalos (or likely the entirety of Chorus). There are obvious designs for myriad structures and apparatus, but everything has been so thoroughly pulverized that it’s a futile task to try and piece any of it back together directly.
Then, two howls, twisting together, fighting for space in the air. One low and mournful, like the wind through an empty canyon; the other shrieked sharp and high, like an avian whistle, just piercing enough to make one’s head ache. Not much progress has been made, but all the same, you’ve run out of time. The quiet has been shattered fully.
Booming footfalls echo over the lip of the impact crater. A titanic individual rides upon a twin-headed theran. Both are practically unrecognizable. A human and his companion at one point, perhaps. Both gleam with the sheen of a hundred dead souls speared through their flesh. Potent ether roils off of them in a tangible vapor. 
The Eclipse.
“Silence, Andiron.” the leader of the Star Hunters commands. His voice is an ensemble performance in which none of the singers can agree on the song. Each word arrives layered and fractured, a dozen chants rising and falling—some loud, some soft, some cracked and full of gravel, others smooth and cold as a frozen lake. The sound fills the air, ricocheting off the rubble, folding back in on itself. The voices didn’t harmonize—they competed. One hisses while another booms. His face is calm, stoic even, as though it isn’t his own mouth unleashing the noise. 
It is cacophony.
Andiron, the twin-headed beast, snarls at your group. Eclipse cracks a wide grin, though the expression is closer to the snarl of his companion. Both of their mouths are a mixture of unnatural fangs and embedded replacements made of sharpened starling core. “The fish that got away.”
Silky tilts his head. “The density of the ether… How can they even move?! We…”
“GO!” shrieks Mo. “JUST GO! THERE IS A CHANCE! MOVE DEEPER! GO!”