[artwork=Femii]
EXCITEMENT NOSTALGIA CRAVING
DISGUST BOREDOM SADNESS
AMUSEMENT SATISFACTION ANGER
CONFUSION ADMIRATION ANXIETY
INTEREST SURPRISE CALM

fear

Your heads ache as Femii’s mental assault collides against you in waves of conflicting impressions, but she continues to underestimate your fortitude as Rovers. Eventually the attack abates with the last of her psychic tendrils failing to find purchase in your minds.
After enduring Femii’s onslaught through the skara’s tunnel, you all spill out into a huge chamber. Ezmenite gleams from every wall within the hollow. Large, shattered formations speak to the emergence of skara hatchlings in the past. Great spikes of the material still lay scattered throughout. Only one hatchling is here now; the one you followed here rests against the back wall. Already it has grown larger and more vibrant. A pool of dark liquid peppered with floating gruv scales ripples underneath its mass.
Seated atop the skara is Femii, exuding her aura of dominion. Marii stands before her with weapons already drawn. “This was a great mistake, Rovers,” she snarls. “Standing against sister’s ambitions…”
Silence, Marii. Your teeth-gnashing is unnecessary and pitiful. The mite and skink performed… acceptably. They were useful. After all of these years, we finally secured my prize. You, and the ilk beneath you, see these creatures we pursue as just the source of ezmenite—a means to raise yourselves—but they are so much more.
Femii’s condemnation lashes against each of you but no longer bears any real impact. Marii, however, spasms as her sister’s psychic outburst sinks into her. A shrill noise emits from the skara—Femii’s many claws raking deeply against its carapace in unison.
Skara hold the key to enhancing my powers beyond comprehension. It is a shame the clan could not fend off the Rovers for even a brief duration. The wonders I could exact now that I’ve finally captured this hatchling… Who are you to stand before me, Rovers? How dare you. You, who finally deign to set foot in my presence. You, who would belittle the years of effort I’ve spent. You, with your heads so buried in your masochistic idealism, futilely screeching into the abyss that is the will of Chorus. How dare you HOW DARE YOU?
I will bring it all to heel. Every last step of this journey has been endless, desultory resistance. STOP FIGHTING! I will bring peace. STOP FIGHTING! Every mindless beast, every pathetic clan. STOP FIGHTING! I will bring serenity to the whole of Chorus. STOP FIGHTING! The aberrant, the infirm, the deviant—all will be equal under my sovereignty. Free yourselves from the burden of struggle. I sympathize with your trials, Rovers. Go. Leave us. LEAVE. Give me these last few days to nurture the skara to its apex. I can erase the weight of your, of everyone’s, responsibilities.
Femii levels her gaze at each of you, psychically probing for any signs of compromise, slowly amplifying her powers through the skara’s body. She clicks her mandibles together in frustration.
Marii, your life has not been easy beside me. Kill them, so that we—so that you—may finally live easy. KILL THEM KILL THEM KILL THEM!