[artwork=Sek]
Where normally the scouting is done from above, as an unusual change of pace, Silky opts to lead your party through the spiraling and dense network of tunnels more directly. The clan’s zisafi are relying purely upon Morphic fashions of detection, sensing for organic and mental activity, which render the zusag’s sparkling aerios ironically undetectable as a disconnected proxy. 
Significant construction decorates the inside of the mountain. While some of the tunnels are natural, many have been smoothed out and strutted, some connected forcefully with additional excavation, and many of the wider chambers contain full installations of caches, barracks, smithies, and more. The clan’s operation here is no temporary affair—the construction is clearly intended to give way to a more permanent settlement.
Eventually you all spill out at the edge of a chamber that radiates with fluorescence bouncing around myriad crystalline growths. Not just growths on the walls either; there are massive entoman creatures whose shells are made entirely of the same crystals seen around the chamber. Based on how their limbs easily punch into the rock of the cavern walls, they are the source of at least some of the tunneling.
Towards the back of the chamber, a handful of poorly-equipped keb rasska can be seen angrily motioning and hissing at their fully-decorated zisafi minders. While too far to translate accurately, it’s more than obvious that a disagreement of command is taking place based on the sharper words echoing around the walls. The officers, gleaming with their pastel crystals, barely react to anything being said or signed by the lower-ranking members. After a few minutes of whispered-planning between yourselves and watching for any patrols that might discover your position, one of the grunts loudly interrupts all of the arguing and leaps at one of the implacable commanders, “THE SOVEREIGN LIES!”
Immediately the zisafi set upon the arguing sek with swift and precise action. Uninterested in further communication, the eyes of each officer flare with Morphic power as they seize control of the soldiers’ bodies and force each of them into kneeling positions with their faces pressed into the dirt. After each zisafi has forced the argumentative faction into submission, they all suddenly rise in perfect unison.
It would seem that not everybody agrees with whatever is happening in this subterranean commune. You weren’t going to make it through this chamber without a fight, but perhaps disrupting the psychic control of the commanding officers will leave you with a better chance. If nothing else they’ll be too busy exercising their control over their underlings to attempt the same with you.