[artwork=Marii]
Marii grinds her teeth as she looks out over her perch at the Rovers assembling in the antechamber. She had hoped her sister’s lieutenants could accomplish their one and only job when she left them at the mountain pass, but even that was too much. She spits out a broken fang and considers what options remain. Kelo and Saras were one of the stronger cards she had to play and it hadn’t worked half as well as she had hoped. An unbidden sigh escapes her lips as she thinks about the sibling pair. She isn’t sure how much longer Femii needed to coax the svaraka from its cocoon, but she would put down every last chip to make it happen. Surely it was going to break free soon, how else could she explain the headache threatening to pop her skull?
She examines the soldiers left to her command. A claw of her best martial warriors, a fin of Femii’s dedicated mentalists, and a few skara hatchlings besides to bolster the mentalists’ influence. At this point she trusted the zisafi to keep to their own devices, but she wouldn’t hesitate to slaughter them should they try to pull any of their tricks on her own platoon. Femii has eyes and ears everywhere now, but Marii had been clear that her personally trained soldiers were to fight on their own terms.
She and her retinue are as well-equipped as could be managed in the short time the clan has been in this mountain. The upper echelon of the clan had all grown quite greedy and petty amongst themselves once the skara hive was confirmed to be real and fully uncovered. Femii had quashed that particular train of thought quite brutally and given Marii full command over the armory. Where her sister had forever sought the material for its Morphic-focusing capabilities, Marii is just as satisfied with its physical prowess in both offense and defense.
Ezmenite would be the solution to everything. Femii could train and work alongside her host of mentalists to use it to subdue the manic creatures of Chorus, and Marii would ensure each member of their soon-to-be-world-spanning clan could have a suit of armor as full and resplendent as her own. Maybe then she could convince her sister to stop shattering the minds of those who didn’t see the world as they did. 
Before Marii can finish collecting her thoughts and arrange a proper strategy against the Rovers opposing her, something at the back of her mind twinges and the zisafi supporting her troupe immediately draw their weapons and begin stalking forth. It would seem her sister has grown even more impatient. That is something else Marii had never been quite able to help her sister with throughout their lives. It was going to be very important for the Sovereign to be capable of dealing with her subjects with a… level scale.