[artwork=Galeling]
*Transcribed musings from “Silky,” Fundamentalist of the Mist clan.*
*Scattered accounts from starlings that have traveled to other continents suggest that Uzem is not the only addax that has earned an epithet related to their destructive capabilities, but Lalos is home to just the one. I continue to find myself curious about the evolutionary link between whatever proto-being existed before the likes of zusag and crown emerged from the primordial therans.*

The avian conjuration of Silky’s is supposedly just a refinement of the aerios pattern common among burgeoning akmeists, sophists, holists, and other such roles of zusag associates. “Just a refinement” seems a gross understatement to any of you—conjurations do not simply allow one to broadcast their voice or expand their vision with complete freedom. Silky’s seemingly endless list of concerns spread across the entirety of Lalos does make more sense now; few have the ready capability to supervise a whole continent.
Your trip from the northern peaks, where Silky’s home of Tuor lies, to the secluded valley where Uzem’s Throne rests near the center of Lalos should have taken a full week or more. Instead, Silky pressed your march down to a grueling few days. If you didn’t know better his musings might have betrayed an annoyance at not managing such an arduous journey even faster. Worse still is that the entire last day of the journey was beset by one of the irregular storms plaguing the region. The excursion to build camaraderie instead finds it to be in short supply. Somehow, Silky remains as tireless and upbeat as ever.
The blissful reprieve held within a roughshod and hurriedly set camp outside of the towering landmark is called short as your indefatigable leader finishes scouting around the shrine with his aerios. “Well, we’ve good news and bad. The good: There’s no sign of Uzem, despite the raging storms… so that means our investigation can proceed apace! The bad: Our journey took long enough that not only did a swarm of galeaper take residence, but with the number of molting young, a queen is likely present. That will impede the investigation more than I’d like, but let’s cast two stones where we can! Your work to develop as a team will function just as well through a gauntlet of entoman infestation as it would have the silvan that I expected to be here.”
It seems your efforts will begin with a task well-known to Rovers—dispatching entoman that have grown fat and complacent through devouring the local flora. There seems to be quite the large collection of creatures; the ground flutters and buzzes with the squirming young of the galeaper seeking to consume anything they can wrap their mandibles around. Perhaps it is a boon after all that you were brought as a team. Not that any of you would want Silky to have the satisfaction of hearing you say as much.