Ozendyn whipped his sword through the air, flinging the gore free of the blade before returning it to its sheathe. His neck rippled and he couldn’t keep the smile from his face. Gargaki, the pet coruscopod, a creature that had been part of his sacred order since before his own birth, was eager to cleanse the fetid meat from the dead monster. He nodded and his companion leapt forth to begin its feast. 
Ozendyn longed for the past when he still had others to turn to; he and Gargaki held a deep bond now but its kind were exceedingly rare, and as the sole guardian that still drew breath, he had no means to learn how to nurture the coruscopod’s growth besides what it consumed during the daily excursions across the Barrens. He chuckled at the idea that he could miss receiving lectures from a zusag, or the banal challenges issued to him by his tihfur friends.
After the past few weeks, there was no doubt about it. The Barrens were creeping further and further, seemingly in every direction. Had Ozendyn’s entire life not been a constant battle against the Unsouled such a realization would have crushed him utterly. He could imagine the tales scholars would tell–of how The Wake and the dying wails of its final members joined the resurgence of the Unsouled Barrens. A suitably dramatic end but not one Ozendyn would willingly accept.
He sighed and turned his gaze up to the horrible monument of flesh, bone, and catastrophe that towered above everything at the heart of the Barrens. An ever-helpful warning to the smarter beings of Lalos, yet he couldn’t help but resent anybody who could rest their eyes on such a beacon of despair and still turn away. The usual swarms of broken vessels–shrieking tendrils of pure Morph and malicious intent–flitted about the heights of the ivory tower. Yet something was different this time.
Something sharp, well-defined, and gleaming radiantly was circling the tower. Much brighter than the dull glow of the vessels that called it their home, and a fair bit more swift. With a start Ozendyn realized that it was a Crux conjuration. Had another batch of dim-witted associates decided to test themselves in an expanse that only taught lessons of death and despair?
He started whistling. First one tune, and then another. Whistle-songs zusag schools use to communicate with one another while in stealth. By the third tune, the gleaming shape shot through the sky towards him. An avian conjuration! In a few heartbeats, the glowing bird had reached where he was standing and circled around him as it descended.
“Greetings! What might an intelligent folksman such as yourself be doing in this dreadful retreat?” said a tinny voice. Ozendyn looked around, aware that zusag often traveled using techniques to hide themselves from sight, before turning back to the conjuration. 
“What needs to be done. I am Ozendyn, the last Sentinel of The Wake.”