[artwork=Stomaw]
*Transcribed musings from “Silky,” resident Fundamentalist of the Mist clan.*
*Ah, the Unsouled Barrens. We say seeing is believing, but in this case one can see the dreadful locale from any reasonably tall perch. It’s been long enough now that some of you have come to accept it as a “natural” part of Lalos–it’s been there for your entire life after all–but allow me to correct you: There is nothing natural about it. There is of course a distinction between “natural” and “intentional”, but that is a different story for a different time. For now we carry on with our lesson about the creatures found within–and how you might best circumvent the region when traveling across the continent, lest you be drawn into the perennial conflict of The Wake.*

Silky located someone surviving in the wasteland of death remarkably quickly. Better still, said someone is a battle-hardened veteran who is ready to lend his aid to your endeavor to fight your way to the Bonespire. Both Mo and Makaal cling tightly to Grandpaw as you all breach through the wooded trail into the outer reaches of the Unsouled Barrens’ region of influence. The thick stench of old meat immediately assails you.
An older, somewhat ragged human followes behind the aerios. Strangely, he doesn’t cross the threshold where the desolate rock meets the woods. Wrapped around his shoulders is a bright shawl that undulates gently. “Truly a caravan of Rovers? Will wonders never cease?” he says. “It is a sight for sore eyes! I am Ozendyn, the single fool that remains to stand against the tower of ivory.”
The last of his fellow warriors perished in the months prior as the Barrens first underwent its new growth. Makaal bows deeply and apologies for not routing past the region to barter equipment more frequently. Ozendyn dismisses the apology and waves his hands while laughing, joking that the merchant’s latest delivery is his best yet.
“If you really are to assist as your teacher claims, then we have no time to waste.” He explains one of the forces causing the expansion of the Barrens are newly formed nesting heaps for the stomaw flesh beasts. Destroying one nest isn’t likely to stem the tide, but it’s more than Ozendyn is capable of on his own.
Marching through the Unsouled Barrens is always a uniquely harrowing experience. Each footstep carrying with it a crunch, a squelch, or something muted beneath a piercing shriek in the distance. It is rare that a Rover has to involve themselves with creatures native to the region; the monsters of the Barrens have a distinct lack of a survival instinct. They’re quick to fight amongst themselves to the point of mutual destruction, or fall prey to the more coordinated and slightly less frenzied beasts of Lalos should they escape outside of the wastes. 
That doesn’t mean you are any less prepared for the task ahead, however.