[artwork=Kelo & Saras]
“Salutations, Rovers,” the girl calls, tinged with the common rasp of a rasska. Her keb companion emits a few quiet clicks but is waved off. “This arkenyn—” 
“Grandpaw, stout and stalwart ally!” Makaal interjects, receiving a light tap from one of Mo’s tendrils on his cheek. Grandpaw snorts into the dirt. The rasska girl clicks her teeth together—whether in irritation or just an attempt to grasp the syllables is uncertain. She turns to Mo and begins to pantomime a series of questions with her four arms. As the pair communicate in the signed keb rasska language, Mo verbally relays the topic of each question. The army had apparently taken note of your group outside of Uzem’s Throne and were concerned about banditry. Silky lets out a sound approximating a scoff.
Mo continues to wave their limbs side to side and slowly draws their tendrils upward and closer together on their head. “Currently explaining the events that brought Makaal and myself to Uzem’s Throne, and the following intervention by Silky and his Rovers,” they report. During their explanation, Mo’s tendrils have slowly coiled and curved around themselves to fashion a set of elaborate and undulating antennae, like one might see on an older keb, to assist with the unspoken language. The smaller keb seems enraptured by the process.
After the signing from Mo, the rasska girl begins to scratch her face in thought. She turns to the keb and they begin a rapid exchange of clicks and hisses, seemingly judging Mo’s story and intent. Finally, they come to a decision and nod at each of you. “Saras, Kelo” she croaks, motioning to herself and then her keb partner. Mo motions similarly to themselves and each of your entourage, listing your group’s names and titles. Saras’ face contorts in confusion as Mo employs a longer series of motions and signs to describe the aerios Silky controls. 
“Exceptional as I seem, I promise there isn’t a deception being spun!” Silky chirps, causing both Kelo and Saras to startle, but the exclamation seems to placate their questioning gazes. Mo and the keb rasska pair resume their silent discussion. With each passing second the movements grow swifter until Mo suddenly claps and bows to the pair and ends the exchange. 
“Mo, Makaal… Grandpaw, please stay with the dorsal segment of the clan. Rovers, come with us as we counsel with the queens,” Saras croaks. As you follow behind the keb rasska, Kelo repositions atop Saras to allow for an unobstructed view of Mo. Makaal chuckles quietly.
The keb rasska pair at the head of the army are the queens of the clan. Saras insists you all wait as she confers with them, which involves a fair amount of silent gesturing and hissed commands. Eventually, the large rasska woman clad in violet crystal armor waves two of her arms out towards the mountain path dismissively. Kelo motions for each of you to rejoin the hike beyond the army, passing under the oppressive glares of the queens.
After hiking ahead to a flat part of the mountain pass Kelo and Saras turn back to you. “We must puncture the mountainside somewhere forward. The queens insist that Rovers… Clear the path. Prove value,’ they said.” 
Kelo pops up from behind Saras. “Exercise caution! Is quite the fall if there is a slip.” he adds, as if the leering cliffs weren’t warning enough.