[artwork=Battering Winds]
*The queen lies still, her immense body curled within the hollow like so much broken wood. Her once-lustrous carapace now dull—its iridescence bleached by her death. The stormcaller stands beside her, one hand resting on the curve of the matriarch’s swollen abdomen, the other hanging uselessly at her own side. The stormcaller clenches her fists, her nails digging into her palms until they bleed. She had poured everything into this one—her ether, her will, her love. The galeaper she chose had been perfect, one of palm-sized myriads that finally absorbed the ether of the starling cores. Together, they had commanded a swarm, a hungering force that could reshape the entire continent. Now, that beautiful host is gone, and the silence presses against the human’s ears.*
*What is the point? An endless struggle for control over a chaotic world, which not even the peak of a being’s form is able to stand against.*

Stepping outside of the Unsouled Barrens feels… wrong. It has been at least two decades since Ozendyn last tread upon ground that did not bleed and heard wind that did not howl. With the fall of Bazhar and his Bonespire, Ozendyn was paralyzed by the now indeterminate nature of his future. In an effort to put off such thoughts, he extends an offer to accompany you at least partially as you seek to track where the Star Hunter clan has established their current base of operations.
Following the trail of destruction carved by the clan backwards from the Unsouled Barrens is simple enough. It leads east to a series of abandoned camps nestled in the plateau of the mountains adjacent to the Seat of Storms, a region frequently migrated through by clans and those seeking to become part of one. 
Your travel is cut short as a boulder of ether shrieks its way into the ground some distance in front of your path. Another arrives, but as it lands, it releases a clutch of galeaper that had been clinging to its surface. The sky grows dark and a hateful scream heralds a sudden onslaught of wind and rain. Wingbeats add to the growing pitch of the storm. A human descends alongside her flock of winged creatures, water and unbridled rage pouring from her face. 
“Every time we take a step closer to our goals, you show up and send us sprawling backwards. You may be more powerful now than when you killed my partner, but Uzem’s reflections left more than enough power to harvest even after you scared the beast off. The next step is the most important for us all AND YOU WILL NOT INTERFERE!” she shrieks, the final word punctuated by a clap of thunder.