For a brief moment, a moment barely long enough to find rest within, everything in the eastern valley of Lalos is calm. The sky undarkened by creatures rife with corruption, the clouds withholding the heavy rains of late, the air mercifully still. 
Grandpaw startles awake in a fit of wheezing and braying. Makaal is sent rolling from his sleep curled beneath the arkenyn. Mo moves to check on them but immediately crumples to the ground while clutching themselves. With the rest of you roused by the sudden commotion and already in battle stances, the threat will be met with force.
But another moment passes—there isn’t a threat. Grandpaw is snarling upwards at an empty sky. Mo and Makaal are collecting themselves. What happened? As you all look around at your camp, the world grows quiet. No chirping, no buzzing, no calling. Grandpaw’s rumbling is now a silent pantomime. Mo gesticulates wildly but nothing can be heard.
Another moment passes—now the world is chaos. A roar so loud, so dreadful, that each of you falls to the shaking ground. Your thoughts are rendered mute as the sound wraps around your bodies in a choking grasp. And then it stops. What should have been cause for every avian to take flight is met with complete and total submission as the skies remain empty and quiet. A fleeting sensation of fear and triumph punctuate the blanket of silence.
The valley takes in a collective breath and everything that should have happened occurs all at once. Avians screech their way into the air, the forests come alive with hoots and hollers, the rush of river waters returns, and a certain gleaming aerios comes into view.
Silky circles above the camp a few times before descending. “Curious. Most curious!” he chirps. “Would you believe me if I told you the past several minutes never happened?” Makaal scoffed as he helped Mo stand upright. “Well, I should be more clear. What you felt just now was true, but contained something of a… lie of omission.” Silky continued. “There was no sound. No quake. Nothing happened here, but something did indeed happen. When you’ve come to your senses, break camp and we’ll head for the eastern mountain peak as soon as possible—I’ll explain on the way.” 
According to Silky, what happened in the valley was a mass-scale psychological assault. A manufactured set of sensations akin to what a keb could render using Morph, but across most of eastern Lalos. Silky was already on the edge of the effect range and noticed the discrepancy between what he was perceiving in the flesh versus what his shared senses with the conjuration reported.
The keb rasska clan that marched through the valley has apparently achieved whatever they came to this mountain range to accomplish—or, perhaps, just the two queens that lead the clan. In either case, you can only hope it’s not too late to put a stop to it before it gets any more out of hand.