[artwork=Zipahudi the Briarbull]
*Transcribed excerpt from a presentation by “Silky,” resident Fundamentalist of the Mist clan.*
*Ether is quite a volatile thing. It must be expressed no matter what. Fire will consume. Water will connect. Earth will press. Air will move. Crux will manifest. Morph will shape. We can direct these expressions, but we cannot seem to fundamentally change them. They certainly can fundamentally change us though. Tihfur are the most prominent example of this. Morph is deeply intrinsic to the tihfur; it courses through the entirety of their bodies. If anybody has the capacity to change the nature of Morphic expression it would be the tihfur. But even then Morph will not be denied its one and only purpose: Morph will shape.*

Makaal’s arkenyn begins snarling and snorting after passing by a patch of bramble. It draws its gaze up and emits a deep, rumbling growl at the treeline. 
“Woah! Easy, easy, Grandpaw. Apologies, Rovers. It seems he’s scented something dangerous,” he explains, rubbing his hands through the arkenyn’s bristling fur. 
Mo also presses a few of their tendrils through Grandpaw’s fur. “He has an excellent nose for trouble. Let us stay behind for now. I look forward to seeing all that you can do, Rovers.” With a quick flap of its wings, Silky’s aerios launches itself through the trees to inspect what might have disturbed Grandpaw. After a moment, it glides back to perch on a nearby branch. 
“Without the clan actively patrolling the forest, a number of beasts have been free to nest here in its depths. Swarming galeaper are often the first symptom in any neglected region, spreading like a dark bruise over the landscape. When galeaper are left to ascend their local food chain, they are inevitably followed by larger and worse threats; for then follows the sickly green briarwog. Their fights over territory perpetuate a wanton cycle of savagery that spoils any chance for peaceable living for clans in the area.
“When a male briarwog grows strong enough—perhaps on a steady diet of those same galeaper—they develop into a large bull ready to tend his own brood. Many females will flock to him in hopes of food, succor, and reproduction. Briarwogs in the act of rearing will ooze all kinds of vile fluids into the waters they use for spawning. This leads to a slow but certain poisoning of everything in and around the water. Hunting them will be more than a favor to the kin of clan Yanshif,” Silky concludes.
Assuming that tihfur messenger was not the only clan member to take flight from their home, then chances are the usual hunting parties have been too preoccupied to deal with threats like this. Your main burden as Rovers is always in service to making the world a safer place, which means this ever-burgeoning population of aggressive beasts will have to be dealt with.