The blur of action that followed your encounter with the xulc is hard to recall. Informed by some bizarre somatic alchemy of fear, base survival instinct and your new body-buddy’s attempt to show you what it could offer - if only you would submit to me -  you are thrust into this new, frightening moment. You can’t even remember who carried Silky’s exhausted body but he lies now before you in a tent, at your campsite, far from the Unsouled Barrens. Who lit the fire? Who hunted and skinned the beast that now spins above it, flesh sizzling? What beast is it? These are all questions you wish to ask each other, but the absence of anyone speaking up demonstrates simply that none of you know more than the other. The pregnant silence is interrupted by Silky’s weakened voice. “This is why I leave the roving to the professionals”. 
The old zusag’s fur appears dull and weak, but the soul in his eyes is as bright as ever - at least what you can see of them beneath his pained squinting. This is reassuring. 
“In all of my pursuits both scholarly and spiritual, never have I seen something so… antagonistic to crux. Not devoid of it, nor neglectful of it in favor of the other Major Anima or Minor Arcana… but repellant of it. I’m afraid to say dear friends that it shook me to my very core.” He pulls himself up and looks at each of you. A flicker of uncertainty crosses his face, yet he decides not to acknowledge it. “Now, this infestation appears dangerous. Unpredictable. And if my reports are consistent, it’s something that is spreading fast and has been able to take hold quicker than any other swarm infestation I’ve heard of.”  
I’m afraid I must return back home to Tuor and recover, whilst I reconnect with my Eyes and Ears, and consult my fellow Fundamentalists. As powerful as you have become, my resplendent rovers, I recommend recruitment and reconnection to rout this rot before it ravages all.”
“One of my first reports of this strange blight came from a band of querists in the Barrens, and have reported many a scuffle with strange-acting stomaw. Young and resourceful as they may be, the young associates need your help if the parasites within have emerged in the same manner as those we saw today.”
“Elsewhere, I feel this threat may take some investment to investigate with intent. Perhaps your old travelling companions Mo and Makaal would be valuable to check in on, given their penchant for providing readily available resources at premium prices. Chorus knows you’ll likely be in need of a powdered drakaen or two. Last I heard they had returned to Makaal’s clan to the south, in the Thunder Mesa.”
“Finally, I’m sure you noticed as I did that these parasites seemed utterly devoid of affinity with ether. Logic would dictate then that starlings, being constituted of ether as they are, may hold unique power in being able to fight them. I wonder if that magnificent mountain mite Hra would be willing to help us, or perhaps could point us in the direction of another that could.“
“By the time you have followed up these leads, I should be well recovered, and may know more about the scope and scale of this scourge.” Silky carves a glyph out of thin air and glowing motes of light flicker into being around his tired legs, framing them in a pseudo-cast. Stealing another quick glance at each other, it’s clear the same thought passes through each of your minds; probably best not to mention the xulc within you until you know a little more - ****and then you’ll share our gifts and be united as one forever bound in togetherness you feel it don’t you it’s beautiful it’s strong it’s**** - enough. 
Onwards.