[artwork=Hunter]
*Keerafah looked down the shaft of their arrow. They’d been perfectly still now since the sun came down, waiting for the perfect shot. Their arms were tired, but they knew their prey was swift and cunning. If the shot wasn’t perfect, it would miss and alert the prey, ruining the hunt. Keerafah knows this, because their prey was once their mentor - Hepthat. Alongside around a third of their clan, Hepthat was lost to the parasite, whilst the rest - including Keerafah, had been able to keep the infection at bay.*
*Their clan, the Urshif, had long been a solitary one. Their haya urged them so. They learn, they grow, and once ready, they depart, living insular lives aside from the raising of a family or for communal worship. It had been years since Keerafah had spoken to Hepthat, but his hunting skills were legendary. Now, infected by the parasite, Hepthat stalked the woods of Taharik in some sickly parody of his hayan aspect, fur slick with secretions, claws hanging loose and hooked, body an enormous wall of knotted, bulbous muscle. At least until Keerafah had found him. Since then, Hepthat had been dormant, slumbering in the shelter of the great tree bough.*
*This was the best vantage point for the shot. Keerafah was certain, because Hepthat the great Zaghan hunter of the Urshif had taught them. He’d taught how to calculate for wind, how to assess prey behavior, how to account for the minute weight differences in each arrow, but most importantly how to follow one’s haya, to fire on instinct, how to use one’s hayin. To close the two tihin and view with the hayin, the aspect-sight. To look through the spaces inbetween, where Morph itself conducts through the physical, where even the forest is flowing matter, and to send your shot to pierce through the waves. And that’s what Keerafah did. With a snap, a whistle, and a thud - Keerafah made their master proud.*

“You walk with Infected.” One of the voices from the woods calls. As you crossed the threshold into the forest Taharik, you found yourself surrounded by the unseen sentries of the tihfur. “Yet at least half of you are not. Explain.”
Silky clears his throat in an entirely unnecessary way, as if he hadn’t been humming for half of the march here. 
“You speak with a Fundamentalist of the Mist Clan of Tuor. I, like many of the spiritual leaders of my kind, are searching for ways to cure my people - and Lalos as a whole - of these prickly, persistent parasites.”
****The fools.****
“I heard a rumor that almighty mystics of the Yanshif had promising leads to squash the scourge. Infected as they are, those that accompany me are the Rovers that brought calm to the King of Storms and felled the Eclipse. We come to offer our aid.”
“How could you aid us? We are on our hindlegs here, zusag. We must be certain you will help, for we cannot contend with further enemies in the wilds this eve.” The tihfur responds.
Makaal holds the bag of xulc-craft he and Mo had been working on. “We bring research. Technologies to create weapons and resources out of the xulc.”
Hra lets the fulgurations within their body ripple outwards. “Power”, they speak with the voice of a thunderstorm. 
Silky runs his claw through his fur. “Allies with weapons, Yanshif. Not an offer to be taken lightly in these times.” 
You follow the tihfur to the heart of the Taharik forest, up into the top floor of a treehouse pagoda. 
“The xulc, as they call themselves, are more than just simple parasites. Parasites exist all across Lalos. These are antithesis to ether itself, born without connection to any ether, without even to the vastness of the hayin.” The Yanshif mystic points to the large eye in the center of her forehead. They talk of the ancient heart of tihfur spirituality and biology, the connection to the fabric of morphic reality, that which allows them to take on their theran aspects. “Not only do they lack connection, they actively repel it.”
Another mystic - far younger than the elder before you - perhaps even a child - continues. “Though they must still obey the laws of nature. Their possession is of both Crux and Morph, but it is based on morphic principles of mutation. Through our innate bond to the hayin, the Morph that connects us all, our people have been mostly able to repel the infection, or delay it long enough that they, like you Rovers, maintain their soul.”
The third mystic speaks - a woman of middle-age, seemingly a perfect blend of the elder woman and the young girl. “It is our belief that by channeling the hayin, reaching out into that Morph-veil, we can disentangle the parasite at the source - pull it out from the root of the host’s morphic form. We begin our first ritual at sunset, on our kin from the Urshif.” Each of the mystics gesture out of the treetop pagoda to a group of infected tihfur in the centre of a stone circle.
“It will attract the xulc, we are sure of it.” The elder mystic warns. “Aid us in protecting the ritual, and we will share our findings with you.” 
This is the most hope you have felt since this whole thing began. So why are you so afraid?