It’s been just over a couple of weeks since Lalos was changed forever. Both the continent and its people were waking up to a virgin world. In the north, the Keb Rasska clans once enslaved by the Ezmen Queens forge new freedoms from their psychic grasp. Travelling down to the heart of Lalos, the Uzem is relieved of their pains, and the King of Storms is no longer an epithet to be feared. West to the Unsouled Barrens, Bazhar’s twisted plans are thwarted, and to the southeast, the tifhur of the Taharik move within their newly uncorrupted swampland after the quelling of the Ahma. All crowned by the earth shaking collapse of Era to the ground and the ruin of The Eclipse, where the starlings now dutifully rebuild their homeland. 
You’ve been resting in Tuor at Silky’s behest, recuperating and enjoying the best of zusag dining and entertainment. The Fundamentalist has been somewhat of an absent host of late, mostly reading scrolls and missives in his study, quick to dismiss any interruption. Maybe this is just what he’s like when he’s not trying to save Lalos? Ether knows he’s probably behind on his administrative duties at least. Last week you said goodbye to Mo and Makaal, who excitedly set off on Grandpaw back to Makaal’s clan in the Thunder Mesa, ready to make “honestly unbelievable profits”, as Makaal put it. As you reach a point where you agree to go your separate ways back to the independent call of the Rover, Silky calls for a meeting. Maybe you do get a goodbye after all. 
“My wondrous warriors, my salubrious saviors, my remarkable Rovers. How have you enjoyed the best Tuor has to offer?” Silky chirps, beckoning all to take a seat. You’ve travelled long enough with the elder zusag to know not to attempt to answer what is clearly a pleasantry prior to his more important sentiment. A moment of silence hangs in the air. You look at each other - perhaps he is actually awaiting a response. Clearing your throat to answer, Silky interjects;
“Wonderful, wonderful. Now, my rovers, doesn’t this feel familiar? Us all together like this again. Familiarity is a strange thing, isn’t it. A strange thing, that both soothes and blinds. To engage with the familiar too much is to dull one’s senses, you see!” He taps his antlers for effect. “But, we can allow ourselves a little luxury and comfort can’t we? We relieved the land of innumerable dangers, in the way only a band of Rovers can!” The most familiar thing here is the desire to see the Zusag get to the point. “So, Rovers, I come to you with the gift of familiarity. I have a quest for you!” You all look at each other with a mix of bewilderment and pity. The poor old zusag really doesn’t want to let us go, does he? 
“Now I know what you’re thinking, what quest could possibly warrant a band of Rovers again? Well, my curious companions, my dear dynamos, I have been receiving missives from my associates in the Unsouled Barrens. Unusual notes of theran activity acting wild, and I thought perhaps this is some consequence of Bazhar’s defeat by your hands, or even an attempt at resurgence. Since you’ll all be going down south together as you part ways, why not make sure we finish the job we started, ey? And I’ll accompany you once more! In person this time. It’ll be just like ‘old times’ as the youth say.” Painfully aware that the ‘old times’ were mere weeks ago, you reluctantly shrug. One of the last places you would like to visit again is the Unsouled Barrens, but perhaps Silky is right - it’s not worth the risk of Bazhar’s resurgence.