Makaal looks toward the party he found himself bound to–at least for the time being. Was this how Mo felt in the past when they first left their clan to journey with him? It hadn’t seemed strange to Makaal then. He was used to the occasional traveling partner–or even a Rover escorting him between settlements–but was it any different with the realization that you would be spending more than just a few days on the same path? Traveling with a host of Rovers was already a grand departure from the norm. Working to equip them against the unknowable dangers of the world wasn’t something Makaal was sure he was qualified to handle.
Twice now, it felt like they were battling the continent itself rather than just the simple beasts roaming Lalos. He looked up and tried to find the characteristic glittering in the sky of Silky’s flying conjuration. Makaal would wager every lyst he had ever seen that his cheery long-horn sage persona was just an act. The elderly zusag clearly knew more about what was happening–how else do you assemble more than one Rover in a single place at once?
He sighed and gave up looking. The supposed history of zusag told that their rise to civility was entirely due to their uncanny ability to hide away. Though, Silky had a preternatural ability to pop up right next to you when you genuinely had something to ask, so it didn’t matter much. Makaal looked over at Mo instead, the starling’s full attention set on creating new equipment for the Rovers.
Partnering with the Rovers had been the calling he knew Mo needed. It had been ages since he last saw them so engaged. Without the need to work on supplies for an entire clan, they had been languishing. It made him feel guilty to strip them of purpose, but it was at their insistence that they travel together in the hopes of spreading their… limbs? Tendrils? However a starling best flourishes.
And flourish Mo had! Makaal considered himself as inept at martialism as he was adept at mercantilism, but even he felt he might be able to stand next to a clan guard with the stunning equipment the starling was crafting... maybe. Best not to try; after all, Mo had a vague grasp of the inherent value of things. Fortunes and pittances would be exchanged for entirely the wrong reasons without him to keep it all in check.
A flapping noise pulls Makaal’s attention back to Grandpaw, where the glittering aerios had materialized. Think of the beast and he will come, it seems. “I’ve completed my scouting and it would seem we have two peaks that lie before us, my troupe!” he chirped. “The storms surrounding Uzem’s Throne have only grown in intensity, which warrants a second incursion on our part. Perhaps whatever force that was agitating the addax will have revealed itself.” Makaal scoffed, less excited to rush back into the headwinds that had left Mo and him stranded and in need of rescue by Silky and his Rovers in the first place.
“Alternatively, I do believe these trials have served as a potent enough crucible to temper you for a journey unto the Unsouled Barrens. One way or another we’ll need to pay it a visit to discover the reason for its recent… expansion.” Mo and Makaal both turned their heads in shock at the avatar; its expression forever implacable. Braving the storms wrought by Uzem sounded like a picnic in a sunlit meadow compared to having to set eyes on that forsaken place.
Mo lifted a claw up to the starling core they kept wrapped in their tendrils, soothing themself by rubbing against it gently. “Is that the correct choice, Silky?” they asked. Makaal agreed with their hesitation. The biggest clan settlement in Lalos, turned into a savage and deadly stretch of flesh and bone almost overnight. It had been decades, but even now the creatures that spill from the Barrens cause trouble for anybody near the center of the continent.
The aerios shrugged (as best as it could with a pair of wings and incomplete body). “I believe the tribulations that lie ahead are equally treacherous regardless of the path we take. This would be the first time a group of Rovers are tested against the Unsouled Barrens and I find myself very interested in the results.” Silky replied. Makaal wasn’t sure he agreed, but he didn’t feel confident questioning the sage any further. The Rovers had certainly proved their capability to him, if nothing else.

**You have been left with two choices: The Storms Above or The Monsters Below. Chorus is filled with peril no matter the direction you face, but it is wise to remember that the unseen threat is no less dangerous as well. Consider the rest of your journey with care.**