Chorus is a world rich with diverse life—life brought about through the influence of turbulent ether that seeps into every crevice of its lands and the hearts of its creatures. It was starlings, the beings most sensitive to ether, who first bestowed the world with its name. A charming moniker that emphasizes many voices coming together in harmony. Unfortunately, many of those voices are savage and dangerous. They lurk throughout Chorus, crying out in hunger and territorial brutality, much to the dismay of the people that wish for sanctuary. These discordant voices grow louder and more numerous with each passing day.
These perils echo loudest on the continent of Lalos. Home to a fantastic variety of peoples and places that have existed in a tenuous balance for generations. Much of Chorus is too dangerous for larger settlements to be established; instead there are clans of people that amount to little more than sparse villages and communes. As clans were left to the untamed wilds that do their utmost to tear apart nascent civilizations, a need for empowered fighters arose. Powerful combatants to face down each crisis that threatens nearby homes.
For a long measure of Lalos’s history, clans were the sole divider of peoples and cultures across the land. The first clans are suspected to have belonged to the keb rasska, two different species from deep underground that developed symbiotically. Clans began to splinter and migrate to other regions of Lalos when resources became too scarce to support their size. Eventually, differences of opinion would redefine these disparate clans—rather than simple population bloat. As other species rose to prominence this distinction was asserted through the geographic needs (or lack thereof) found with each group of people.
Competition for territory was rarely waged between clans, but came from packs of beasts, ranges of destructive plants, and swarms of mindless insects. Such competition rarely saw clear victory for a clan and frequently resulted in their complete annihilation. While a larger clan stands better odds at defending itself in direct combat, it is increasingly difficult to successfully feed such a population. Clans often wither away due to poor harvests—whether from the wilds, sabotage, or simply bad luck. Such became the rallying cry for Rovers. For you.
Rovers separate from their clans for the benefit of all, leaving even their traditions behind to tame the savagery strewn about the world. To rove the land in search of people and places in need of sanctuary that only their special talents can provide; learning to harness the very energy that contributes to the brutal harmonies found across Chorus. Through Rovers, the peoples of Chorus invest their hopes and dreams for a more harmonious future.