Makaal runs a hand along Grandpaw’s furry head as he evaluates the Rovers following nearby. At first the opportunity for Mo to focus on their talents, and potentially see a bit of profit, was a compelling reason to join alongside their wild adventure across Lalos. But with each encounter Makaal finds himself regretting that decision more and more. Before all of this he believed himself to be well-traveled and more experienced than the average clansmen; now he desperately craves the simpler life of occasionally tussling with a zinix or crossing a dyad pit. 
Thick, dark storm clouds are billowing out across the skies from the gargantuan pale tree that marks where this harrowing adventure first began. Makaal knows that Silky has always intended to set his Rovers upon Uzem’s Throne in a bid to wrest control of the skies back from the worsening conditions over the past months, but it is another thing to be faced with the reality of it all. Uncontrollable bodily distortions, mental subjugation of entire clans, mindless beasts of flesh and claw—Makaal was certain no ordinary person would hear these tales and believe a word of it had they not lived it themselves. He couldn’t be sure this wasn’t all some nightmare he was due to wake from.
A sense of calm washes over him as he considers just what his concerns actually are. Silky, cagey as he is about his wider schemes, genuinely seems to only care about solving some of the biggest problems Makaal could never fathom. His method of cultivating a group of Rovers to achieve the results demonstrated was… maybe questionable, but Makaal feels a sense of pride with his part in it all. Conquering the Unsouled Barrens! He’ll have to make sure Silky records his name when penning that legendary feat.
His reflections are cut short by shouting overhead. Too preoccupied with their flight, a group of Star Hunter stormcallers blasts overhead, leaving sparks and vapor in their wake. They too are headed directly for Uzem’s Throne. This literal burst of activity can only mean bad things. Silky’s aerios pulls away and begins to follow behind the humans, pulling the rest of the group into a staggered chase.
If Makaal never sees another drop of rain again, it will be too soon. Hopefully his clan forgives him for wishing for a dry season.