Silky, an ancient zusag that leads one of the more secluded mountain clans, paces back and forth in front of your party. Zusag are well-known for the intensity and eccentricity their communities can breed; the wizened individual muttering to himself in front of your group is the perfect embodiment of those labels. Befitting enough, for a certain audacity is necessary to call together Rovers from different parts of the continent as he has. Each of you received a message that emphasized an impending great danger… but it was curiously vague. It shouldn’t have been a surprise to discover it was something of a trick to gather multiple Rovers in one place.
Unwilling to ignore a clan leader’s plea, you find yourselves in a small outpost at the foot of the northern mountains that Silky calls home—waiting for this scholarly bundle of limbs and fur to get to the point. With a flourish, Silky conjures a gleaming avian construct on one hand and unravels a heavily-scrawled-upon map of Lalos in the other. He traces his fingers across various rough lines scribbled across the map, illustrating the peak of the mountains where his village is built, to the points of interest denoted throughout the entire continent. Mentions of things like “knock-on effects,” “imbalance of the Arcane,” and other jargon washes over you all in a lengthy and impassioned speech about the state of Chorus at large.
To Silky, there isn’t one danger, but many—all of which he claims to be tracking. Some dangers brewing for long enough that he is convinced that a single Rover would be incapable of handling the situation, hence the deception used to gather together your party. A questionable ploy as Rovers rarely, if ever, find themselves working in groups. Too many problems spread too far across Lalos to justify pulling this many Rovers into one location.
One such danger is the obvious one of Uzem, The King of Storms. Close to the heart of Lalos is a giant shrine, carved out from a colossal tree, known as Uzem’s Throne. Rumored to have been built by a primitive clan lost to time, Uzem has been part of the continent’s history both written and unwritten as far back as any can tell. From his Throne, he conjures mighty storms—gales and lightning that have shaped the continent generation after generation—bending the land to his whim. No matter how one views it, Uzem has always been a quantifiable threat to the clans that call Lalos their home.
Uzem is quite literally a force of nature and is treated as such; clan migrations, scouting parties, and other such endeavors seek to keep track of the regular pattern of storms that billow forth from the Throne. As of late, that pattern has become very irregular, leaving nearby clans unprepared for sudden downpours and other destruction in the wake of the storms. Even the reclusive tihfur clans, who largely consider themselves masters of discerning sudden changes in their territories, have fallen victim to Uzem’s strange temperaments. The King of Storms would certainly be far too great of a threat for a single Rover to face but Silky’s efforts to bring you all together may tip the odds in your favor.
Silky clicks his nails against one of his antlers to catch your attention. “We will first travel south to Uzem’s Throne and come to terms with what it means for Rovers to work together as a group. This will be a new experience for us all, but let me assure you that I have foreseen nothing but the fantastic as a result of this endeavor!” He leaps forth in a surprising display of agility for one his age, beckoning for your group to follow. The only thing left is to trust that the old zusag hasn’t gone senile.