[artwork=Borrowed Vessel]
*A starling scholar walks along the central spiral road of Henzya. They have grown accustomed to the growth of their lower body and the additional limbs. Henzya is absolutely sprawling, and they feel bad for the humans without a draught companion to help with the myriad elevation changes and long paths. The tihfur had been right about this region of foothills being made for those with long legs and longer lives. Their form feels right to the scholar, and now they could be one of those who offers their back to weary citizens and fellow students.*
*A starling scholar walks along the central spiral road of Henzya. It really could be considered the navel of Lalos. Etheric conditions are rich and the starling is confident in its ability to capture the energy they had collected. The blood of its people flows perfectly along the carved stone. Its rolling hills a perfect, natural cistern for the matter they will continue to gather and disseminate. He feels bad for the keb that had to endure the psychic torment of the city’s liquidation, but the starling has worked to ensure he uses his now prodigious strength to end everyone’s lives swiftly and mercifully.*
*Why was it that starlings do not reproduce? Bazhar was certain it is just a failure to cultivate the right sort of environment. He can’t wait to welcome his new siblings into a nursery all their own. Lessons learned from his time among the peoples of Henzya would give him the wisdom he needs to care for and impart wisdom to all that emerge from his Navel.*

As you cross the threshold into the Bonespire, an inexplicable dread presses into you, thick through the air. The walls—a fetid amalgamation of stone and living tissue—pulse faintly, imbued with a loathsome semblance of life. Veins, slick and glistening, weave through the masonry, feeding some unseen, incomprehensible purpose. The stone, where untouched by the grotesque flesh, is weathered and blackened. Much of it is etched with runes that wriggle with uncomfortable motion when looked upon directly.
A lone human paces amidst a scattering of other bodies. Their cloak is torn and bloody, their skin is gray and pallid. They stare up at the antechamber’s ceiling as they walk. The tower itself is watching, its every sinew and stone a sensory organ attuned to this unwelcome intrusion. Somewhere far above, a low, rhythmic vibration begins to hum, faint but undeniable, resonating through the walls and floor like a heartbeat—slow, ponderous, and unnervingly patient.
“YOU ARE LATE, WARDEN.” A voice erupts from the human.
“THEY CAME FOR MY CHILDREN.” Another voice from a body on the floor.
“DISGUSTING PARASITES FEEDING ON MY FLESH.” The lips of the humans move in grotesque synchrony, yet they seem only an echo of the words. It begins as a low, guttural murmur, the kind that rumbles through the depths of a cavern, but soon swells into a cacophony that seems to emanate from the walls, the floor… The true source of the sound comes from everywhere at once within the tower.	
“YET THEY WOKE ME FROM MY SLUMBER AND LEFT ME WITH NO CHOICE BUT TO TEACH THEM. WHAT SURPRISE, THEN, WHEN I PLUCKED THE THOUGHTS FROM THEIR FLESH AND WAS STRUCK WITH INSPIRATION I HAVEN’T FELT IN DECADES.
“COME, OZENDYN, LAST OF HENZYA’S FOLK. IS YOUR MISSION STILL JUST?”