[artwork=Bazhar]
Ozendyn tried unsuccessfully to calm himself. All these years, the name “Bazhar” in The Wake’s writings had been referring to someone, not something. Though something abominable might be more accurate, looking upon the monster towering before him. Throughout the years the name had been written less and less often as its meaning became less relevant to his clan. 
He should strike now, while the monster is vulnerable… but before he could commit, Silky’s aerios positioned itself in front of the starling and began to speak. “These names. Are you able to speak more of them? Henzya is ancient, by my records, but neither of the other names hold meaning.”
Bazhar whipped his spiked tail in irritation. “When Navel was inhabited by others, it was Henzya. A grand commune at the heart of Lalos–the richest gathering of intellect and culture, possibly in all of Chorus. Tihfur of stout four-legged disposition that could repel all predators, keb rasska whose industriousness could have seen us from shore to shore, and humans whose passion for life could have been the bridge to a true dynasty.”
Ozendyn could scarcely believe such a fantasy, but Silky’s avatar was practically vibrating with excitement. Silky continued to prod. “‘When Navel was,’ you said. Where we are now, this desolate realm, you call Navel? You call yourself Bazhar, the ‘Father of Navel?’”
Bazhar signaled assent with one hand, and dissent with the other. “Bazhar was the name granted to me as a newborn vessel. I came into existence somewhere within the bounds of Henzya, to which I am told there was great jubilation the likes of which have never been seen before or since. That was all before I reached consciousness.” Silky nodded, aware of the life cycles of starlings. “We still use the term to refer to Inarcane Morph starlings,” Silky replied.
Bazhar paused before speaking. “You do not need to hear the full story of my time within Henzya. The point… is that all of our philosophers and practitioners were of the opinion that more starlings, more vessels, could be wrought with higher concentrations of Morph.”
“NO!” screams Mo from the saddled arkenyn. They shudder violently, clawing at the crystal wrapped in their tendrils, and drawing their legs into themselves.
“Clever casteling. What sort of life have you led to see the story’s end so quickly?” Bazhar rumbled. 
Silky clicked and said in a low whisper, “Butcher of Henzya.”
Bazhar’s tendrils began to writhe wildly. “Yes. While sources of Morph are certainly present throughout Lalos, the best source… was already within reach. Tihfur, keb, human, all much more potent sources of ether than wild beasts or ancient caverns. Through their sacrifice, I would become the Navel for my offspring.”
Punctuating Bazhar’s story, a broken vessel screeched its way out from beneath the lip of the Bonespire’s peak. “Unfortunately, each and every one of them are… stillborn. Broken. Unsuitable. I slaughtered my friends, my family, my future, and for what?”
Bazhar twisted his entire shape to face Ozendyn in full, limbs reemerging from his central mass instead of rotating normally. “Your family were to be my wardens–the last kith from the families of Henzya–but now there is only you. 
Judge me as you will.