[artwork=Bazhar]
*Bazhar stretchs his attention across the entirety of Navel. Clusters of sinew and cartilage jutt upward, like skeletal trees bent under the weight of some unseen despair. From these grotesque protrusions hang flayed, membranous sacs, translucent and quivering, as though straining to contain the malformed creatures writhing within. Occasionally, one of these sacs bursts with a wet, nauseating pop, spilling forth its foul progeny—things that crawl and slither on too many limbs, their flesh a patchwork of eyes, mouths, and grasping tendrils.* 
*He suppresses his revulsion, which sadly grows easier with each passing day. He had been so sure that the cultivators and alchemists were correct. All his siblings should have needed was a region rich in Morph and they would spread freely through the first natural home for his kind. Instead, he has simply spread himself throughout Navel. He has turned himself inside-out and selfishly claimed whatever animate forces were present here for his own abominable propagation.*

“They are fragile vessels,” Bazhar croons, his tones an echoing symphony of gloom from various mouths. “Their forms, brittle shells of pure Morph, fractured under the weight of becoming in a region so starved of life. Yet it is with these frayed threads that I can weave, their essence may blend, and my children may finally experience… true birth.”
A tendril lifts one of the broken Star Hunters aloft. A ream of sharp bones erupt from the tendril. With one swift motion, the now-dismantled human body falls away to reveal a pair of gleaming starling cores. As soon as the cores are exposed, the broken vessels swirling about the Bonespire take immediate notice. They move with an unnatural grace, tendrils reaching out not to grasp but to merge, their ends tapering into needle-like filaments that pulse with a sickly light.
“Each core is a sealed consciousness. Instead of paltry sublimation, my caste can finally achieve full realization. These stolen memories are the fertile soil. From their past ruin, my children can find root, and together, they shall form the living lattice of my regretful design. In the unraveling of these scavengers, a unity shall be forged. Their flesh, a medium; their minds, a foundation; their screams, the call of rebirth!” Bazhar cheers. 
Ozendyn’s brow is slick with sweat. The only option is to fight, but the situation weighs down upon him. Henzya, Bazhar, these are all things he has read about but hasn’t ever really believed to be anything but legends passed down within his clan’s order. He looks at his weapon, imbued with ether using methods both old and new. 
He is here to carry out his mission. Bazhar’s revelations are all the more reason to press on.