Mo settles their attention on the Rovers flanking either side of Grandpaw. Their pace is matched almost perfectly with one another and their positioning reflected as unconscious mirrors. Ether radiates off of their figures in periodic bursts. Creatures not attuned to ether so directly wouldn’t have understood, but the Rovers undeniably had significant presence even without the ability to immediately perceive it. The relatively quiet journey from the eastern reaches of Lalos was a perfect example; nobody simply hikes across the length of the continent without scores of predators attempting to make a meal of them. Despite this obvious truth the number of beasts remaining that were foolish enough to challenge their traveling party numbered in the single digits.
Once more Mo wonders how much of this could have been orchestrated by Silky. He was clearly even more shrewd than any of them had realized. Did he also predict the evolution of his Rovers in this fashion? Was the path to true strength something so simple as repeated, and concerted, applications of ether? One of Mo’s tendrils snaps as if to cast away the thought. There had to be more to it, otherwise every major clan would have warriors whose strength was as robust. Even roaming starlings would themselves become monstrous!
Then again, it was something witnessed with the addax. The timescale was much broader, supposedly, but a crown could rise to prominence through repeated channeling of ether until it became part of their essence—so the wizened zusag had explained regarding the origins of Uzem. The King of Storms predated Mo’s formation and would likely survive after the starling wasted away down to mere slivers of lyst for some future traveler to ply from the world. It was comforting, in a grim way, and Mo was glad they had managed to stabilize the beast’s rampant ether in the end.
Grandpaw suddenly begins to growl and his pace becomes unsteady. Mo realizes why several moments later. In that same primordial cunning the starling had just attributed to the beasts avoiding their own party, the ever-wary arkenyn perceived the malefic disturbance in the unsensed ether long before any sapient mind could grasp its deleterious undercurrents. Mo had dreaded this moment and their slight vindication is submerged in the bitter taste of fear as the Unsouled Barrens comes into view. Once-vibrant trees that marked the edges of its reach stand decrepit and decaying. Some unseen malignance had crept into their roots, poisoning the very essence of their being.
How does one contend with the terrors in a region where even the soil itself decries your every step?