Bazhar stirred. Bazhar opened one, two, three, five, eight, thirteen, twenty-one eyes. Bazhar could now see. Bazhar’s tendrils were the lace that tied him to the world. Bazhar’s ether was the dust that outlined his home. Bazhar unraveled. Bazhar could now feel. Bazhar was the connected locus of Lalos.
Bazhar staggered as his awareness snapped back into a singularity. He flexed his limbs and slowly panned his vision across his “domain”–the rotten scar of flesh that he had wrought through the continent. Or, that he was still spreading, it seemed now? He searched his unconscious recollection for what would have prompted a sudden expansion of his body even further. 
Bazhar heard the distant boom of thunder, and with it brought an answer. Across the mountains, the addax had been… driven to frenzy? Bazhar could understand how his slumbering mind would have perceived a sudden deluge of storms as a threat to defend against, but not why the creature would so dramatically shift from a century of following the same pattern.
Bazhar continued searching his dreams for other details. Shame flared as he saw the demise of the clan that acted as his warden. All but one of its members had been caught in the waves of new offspring that followed his body’s growths. He had never truly expected the clan to be capable of exacting the punishment he knew he deserved, but Lalos would be marred even further without them to cull his progeny.
Bazhar dredged further. Being forced to relive moments linearly was always torture for him, as it inevitably meant he would reach the present time and be compelled to relive every one of his past failures once more.
Bazhar stopped, catching a gleaming avian many times in his recent memories. What was that? Zusag, surely, but… it had shown itself many times over several years. What did it intend?
Bazhar, under an odd compulsion and with tortured effort, stretched his awareness into his immediate surroundings. There. Not just the avian. His final warden, and another group besides. Rovers? Rovers had living charges to care for, not his dying husk of a body. The avian must be leading the warden and Rovers to his heart.
Bazhar let his awareness grow hazy again as he resumed recounting himself. A calm filled his extremities that he hadn’t felt since the earliest days of consciousness. A comfort that perhaps Chorus would pull itself from the brink. A certainty that he could finally share his story with somebody after so long.
Bazhar slept.