[artwork=Zisafi Principal]
Silky keeps his flight path tight to your group as you ascend the strangely brittle mountain path. Where some parts of the trail are solid, others would see your march plunge straight through the soil. Despite the difficulty this adds to the hike, it also serves to help ground your travel as you suffer through more psychic assaults of varying strength. Anything that feels as if the ground is shaking is clearly a fiction being presented by your thoughts as the trail would be visibly collapsing were it a real quake. Whenever the sound leaves your voices, it is Silky’s gleaming presence that helps guide the march onward towards caves that lead you down into the heart of the mountain. 
Once the final incline is crested, a swathe of sparkling soldiers stand prepared to intercept your path. At their vanguard stands the tallest rasska among them; a stocky woman clad in the most resplendent of the crystalline armor they all share. She flashes a predatory grin and swings her arms wide, motioning with unrestrained bravado. “Thus she proclaimed! Femii, Great Sovereign, commanded this guard for assembly. Those that stand before us seek contest. Should there be further doubt of Femii’s authority, this shall serve as proof! She surely sees everything.” The large rasska woman finishes her proclamation with a heavy clap. Reverent whispers of “Sovereign” echo throughout the rest of the soldiers.
The speaker turns to examine each of you. “Slaughter them,” she hisses. She spits violently at the ground in front of her before turning back to disappear into the caverns. A host of therans and entomans march forward to fill her position in the formation. Behind them the gleaming eyes of a Morphic controller focus unwaveringly upon you. In fact, not a single person or creature waiting ahead moves now that the large woman had departed. 
Were it not for the visible signs of breathing, one might mistake them for warriors carved from stone. The Principle soldier at the rear stands absolutely motionless. The rasska crouched under him inching forward almost imperceptibly—all instinct purged from their expression but raw predatory urge. The footsoldiers and retinue of beasts are so bizarrely and singularly focused on your group that they don’t even react to a lone Urn punching its way out of the loose soil right in the center of their formation.
In complete unison, every soldier raises a blade and the creatures raise their claws. All of them stalk forward together, everyone in perfect lockstep. All the more concerning is just how outrageous the sight is. The limbs of the therans dragging along as they fail to stride properly, the tails of the entomans churning dirt in their wake, the limbs of the keb rasska dangling uselessly at their sides. 
Diplomacy is no longer an option.